README.md, before:

# Hello 👋
I'm a backend developer at [swatio](https://github.com/swatio), which means I'm mostly hiding behind my green terminal 👨‍💻

I'm a lucky father of three kids 🐣🐣🐣 and, whilst enjoying programming, kids are the true fulfilment of my life ☀️

### Interesting tidbits
- [Guide to run multiple instances of phpunit covering individual slices of your test suite](https://github.com/wizaplace/phpunit-slicer/pull/8#issuecomment-796835653)<br>
  If you've an e.g. CI environment where you can parallelize jobs, you can use this to truly parallelize phpunit. Since it's a pure phpunit XML solution, it also works with [paratest](https://github.com/paratestphp/paratest) if you want to squeeze out the last bit of your compute units.
- [In the context of OSS, what I think about extendability of libraries](https://github.com/wildbit/swiftmailer-postmark/pull/33#issuecomment-687601800)<br>
  Undoubtedly influenced by the great [Fabien Potencier](http://fabien.potencier.org/pragmatism-over-theory-protected-vs-private.html).

### In case I'm not in front of the digital world
- I might be going for a run 🏃‍♂️
- or decided to dwell into the '90s and go 🛹

Commit message:

What I think about asserting the executed SQL queries in tests

README.md, after:

# Hello 👋
I'm a backend developer at [swatio](https://github.com/swatio), which means I'm mostly hiding behind my green terminal 👨‍💻

I'm a lucky father of three kids 🐣🐣🐣 and, whilst enjoying programming, kids are the true fulfilment of my life ☀️

### Interesting tidbits
- [What I think about asserting the executed SQL queries in tests](https://github.com/laravel/ideas/issues/1553#issuecomment-828144741)
  Spoiler: I think it has its place.
- [Guide to run multiple instances of phpunit covering individual slices of your test suite](https://github.com/wizaplace/phpunit-slicer/pull/8#issuecomment-796835653)<br>
  If you've an e.g. CI environment where you can parallelize jobs, you can use this to truly parallelize phpunit. Since it's a pure phpunit XML solution, it also works with [paratest](https://github.com/paratestphp/paratest) if you want to squeeze out the last bit of your compute units.
- [In the context of OSS, what I think about extendability of libraries](https://github.com/wildbit/swiftmailer-postmark/pull/33#issuecomment-687601800)<br>
  Undoubtedly influenced by the great [Fabien Potencier](http://fabien.potencier.org/pragmatism-over-theory-protected-vs-private.html).

### In case I'm not in front of the digital world
- I might be going for a run 🏃‍♂️
- or decided to dwell into the '90s and go 🛹
